hello i am the rose of the site beauty point
blog dot Are you ok with everything?
well on the other side
before starting the matter I want
invite you to know our store
virtual
she is full of promotional novelty freight
free
there you will make the purchase safe and
receiving the right product in your home is
www.belezamundial.com.br I'll leave the
aki store link in the video description
for you to go to the store now known then
Let's talk about our matter today.
in this matter we will know if
Makeup does bad to the skin let's know
everything is alright all about it
For women, makeup is
fundamental an aesthetic tool
further enhancing female beauty is
It is important to know that the makeup that has expired
it's bad for your health
so always follow the expiration of the
makeup and the act of checking the date
of validity of makeup items
unfortunately is not common is true
according to the research
Great Britain by college
of alternative 39 women in a group
of 10 make use of makeup
It's over, this is not in Brazil.
different to the national agency
sanitary surveillance measures the average of
life of the product that is closed if
summed up to 24 months two years
is the tip buy labels for
put on your makeup with date
Validity comes to you always check the
date of assessing the validity or
big even for you that quote right is
a classic involves the product of
makeup is often printed on the
delete this date from
shelf life
This is stupid of the manufacturer because
it has expired you will do
play outside and buy another be the
manufacturer will sell more
I do not know why he puts that
expiration date door there anyone
you see after the expiration date
expired products become more
bacterial fungi and even
virus the herpes virus is the greatest risk
to be transmitted by expired makeup
so if it contains all this in makeup
people do not share makeup is right
the product after the expiry date
may be toxic to the skin
still fall into the bloodstream
People I did not know, and you're not reading.
here and it really is not impressive
I wear expired makeup the look all
Boys, the deadline for
Validity of makeup shadows blushes is
from 18 to 24 months if this product changes
leather look black
ash can be fungi is right the lipstick
It's two years, everybody 's two years old.
way overdue product can leave
dry lips cause blisters
burns the river but the river does not
Nothing 's going on for three to six months.
color change shows that they
they are worn
according to the organ standard the date
shall be printed on the packaging but
many printed copies do not meet the
by the next
bottle and only display is by carton
sealing everything else
the use of items of makeup after
loses risk of skin irritation
considered to be serious and likely to
interfere with proliferating bacteria and fungi
after it's opened then it's really does
products would be presented by the
expiry date on the packaging
easily identified when
are on time
so watch out for the ones that
those products that are not there in the
validity that the product is never
nobody knows if you 're right
this period of the vacancy of the
the bacteria that develop
develops bad odor are responsible
by the formation of colonies
therefore it is practical to note that the
makeup is no longer suitable for application
cases of
makeup within the validity but with the
change in driver's consistency
cosmetic
the recommendation is to eliminate the throw away
creams that have this change
so be careful with that, right?
bacterial people
with the presentation of colony that's it
will cause chipped poorly and then to
caring people out is terrible that
medicine that hurts the stomach and everything else
because after developing colonies of
fungi bacteria and everything else to
happens if something so long
date these things makes it tough and there
It is heavy medication that is usually
man then it's a disorder that nobody
want to have and the care is not
only the expiration date and commits more
also a storage of these items is
It is very common to keep the
bathroom
this is not ideal because of the
excess moisture temperature
poor ventilation, contributing to
prolific glorification of bacteria
so if you have to save your
make-up in the bathroom to
habit because there is the worst place is there
is by melting the temperature and
everything else is the best place to store
fresh local produce.
trepidation as a drawer that opens and closes
it's a certain place with little light heat
intense is also ideal low light
Sorry, heat can not too much
close the product sponge brush should
be constantly sanitized to tip
fundamental care for the
Conservation of each product as well as
expiration date
so you have to clean your makeup
keep it right its okay not stay
beating her so that she can ruin the
risks of skin problems are great
even allergy is right is the
world, everything changed, the shape changed, too.
happens the allergy has the link of matter
complete for you see everything gives indica
that the description of the video is
on our channel so you know everything
about health beauty and wellness comments on
will share this matter in the face of
and give a jewel to me I'll count on you
is and correlate and arranges your makeup
clean it looks at expiration date queues
labels to accompany your
expiration date because it is very
important and can compromise your
health and the quality of your skin
A kiss for you to a kiss.
it is